- [Instructor] The next step will be to
create the source and the resources folders.
So lets go to the IDE again.
And if you see, in this project structure,
lets expand it,
under the source folder
you have the main folder
and then you have the Webapp folder.
There's nothing else.
So lets first create the folders
that we want to be a part of this project.
So under the main folder,
I'm going to create a directory.
Lets name it Java.
So this is the place where our source code will reside.
Quickly right-click on the Project
and say Mark Directory yes, Sources Root.
Similarly, another folder on the main directory,
which will have the name as Resources.
Right-click on this,
and mark this as Resources Root.
Now, this folder is going to have
all the static resources for your application.
Which means your CSS files, your images, any java script
files that you may want to insert, et cetera.
So, that is the one.
And, what does the PPD say?
We have created the Source and the Resources folders,
marked them as Sources and Resources Directory
by the folder.
Next step is to add the static resources.
Which is CCS, images, and possibly one of the JSP's
that we want to work with.
So, if you go back to your Resources folder,
You have the CSS and images
that has already been put there for you.
You just have to take those folders, copy them,
go to your IDE, and paste them under resources.
So, we have all the CSS and the images ready for you,
inside the project.
We also have to add the JSP file.
So, the JSP file is again available in the Resources folder,
right-click, copy, come back to the project,
and you're going to place the JSP
inside a folder by the name JSP.
So, under WEB-INF, let's right-click there,
and create a directory.
Name it as JSP, and under this,
we'll finally paste our index JSP.
The Index JSP you see directly under WEB-INF,
we do not need that,
we can just get rid of it by deleting it.
So, there we go.
We have WEB-INF, under that we have JSP, and index JSP.
Now, the reason we are trying to maintain
this kind of structure
is because when you deploy the .WAR file
of this project on Tomcat,
Tomcat will expect a structure like that,
so it displays the JSPs correctly for you.
That's why that structure has been made.